N.F.L.: There’s Dallas’s Dak Prescott and Then All the Other Rookie QBs
Dak Prescott is not a product of weak competition. Facing the No. 1 defense in the N.F.L., Prescott, the Dallas Cowboys’ rookie quarterback, had a few poor throws early in the game but recovered to have his second consecutive 300-yard effort and added three more touchdown passes. Most impressively, he did it with his offensive line allowing a great deal of pressure and without his customary amount of help from Ezekiel Elliott who had a hard time finding running lanes other than in a big third quarter.Playing quarterback as a rookie is not as easy as Prescott makes it look. Carson Wentz of the Eagles looked lost against Seattle’s defense, Cody Kessler of the Browns once again had to leave because of a concussion, and Jared Goff of the Rams, the player drafted ahead of all of them, finally got his first start and managed just 131 passing yards in a losing effort.
Extra-points are hard now. The play may have been too easy prior to last season, but the rule change that pushed it back to being the equivalent of a 35-yard field goal continues to confound place-kickers. On Sunday, kickers combined to set an N.F.L. record with 12 misses, breaking the previous mark of 10 that was most recently accomplished in 1985. Mike Nugent of the Bengals and Robbie Gould of the Giants each missed two and even Stephen Gostkowski of the Patriots, who went 52 for 52 in the first year of the change, missed one, giving him three misses for the season.
Seattle might be getting scary. The Seahawks’ defense has been stellar all season, but Russell Wilson showed glimpses of his old self, throwing balls downfield, giving himself extra time on passes with his mobility, and even catching a 15-yard touchdown pass from Doug Baldwin. If Thomas Rawls and C.J. Prosise can become a smash-and-dash duo at running back, the Patriots and Cowboys might have some real competition to be the best team in the N.F.L.
The Browns might also have some competition to be the worst team in the N.F.L. Cleveland is 0-11, but the San Francisco 49ers, despite holding the Patriots to just 13 points through three quarters, ended up allowing 30 in the loss. It was the seventh time this season that the 49ers allowed 30 or more points, and it was the team’s ninth consecutive loss after a hard-to-fathom shutout victory over Los Angeles in Week 1. Sadly the 30 points improved San Francisco’s season average which was 31.4 coming into the game.